New Orleans has a large trading area.
As the World Turns was replaced with The Talk in 2010.
Tunisia was introduced to Christianity.
Bangalore was captured by Europeans.
Ken Russell only directed a 1955 American science fiction-horror film.
Michael Giacchino composed scores.
Elle Fanning starred in a film.
Albert Einstein discovered the emission of electrons or other free carriers when light is shone onto a material.
Teen Wolf is a recorded work.
The Belko Experiment is a Canadian film.
Lauren Bacall was 89 when she died.
Only Lovers Left Alive was written and directed by George Lucas.
David Arquette has worked since at least the year 1254.
John Wick: Chapter 2's plot follows fictional hitman John Wick.
Angelina Jolie is an American actress that was involved with voice acting for Kung Fu Panda 3.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency employs rodents.
Heinrich Himmler never commanded the Schutzstaffel.
Carole King is a Canadian.
Believe was created by Cher and brought her back into the spotlight.
Injustice 2 includes a loot-dropping system.
Al Capone was prosecuted for a federal offense.
Way of the Dragon had Bruce Lee in it.
Zoe Kravitz is the only person who co-stars in No Reservations.
Montreal has not always been called Montreal.
Frank Sedgman played tennis.
Scooby-Doo is a fictional American animated cartoon.
Lisbon is the capital of Portugal.
Nineteen Eighty-Four received number 6 on the Amazon.com most-purchased list.
Venus is a body.
Jensen Ackles was born on March 1, 1978.
Augusto Pinochet died in 2006.
Willie Nelson has co-authored several books.
David Carradine was an actor.
Princess Margaret had at least three strokes.
Joan Crawford has been divorced four times.
Vito Corleone is a creation.
Seattle was established as a shipbuilding center during the Klondike Gold Rush.
Genghis Khan had history's largest empire.
Huntington's disease is inherited from a person's parents.
Ruth Negga is an entertainer.
2001: A Space Odyssey was distributed.
The fleshy petals of jackfruit flowers form the edible portion.
Tom Hardy appeared in a movie.
Chrononauts has been worked on by Mark Millar.
Steve Buscemi was in the movie Animal Factory.
David Beckham is the father of four children.
In 2015, Amazon overtook many companies as a more valuable retailer.
The Philippines is a country in Asia.
Chris Evans (presenter) did not host The Chris Evans Breakfast Show.
There were appearance of Melissa McCarthy in television.
The Illusionist was directed by James Cameron.
Bill Clinton's birthday is on August 19.
Ramona Marquez is an actress.
Christina Applegate is a celebrity.
Alison Brie starred in a comedy movie.
Thirteen is based on the death of the film's writer.
Indian was selected the Best Foreign Language Film in 1996.
Tipper Gore was born in 1948.
Jim Carrey is a singer.
Ruth Negga was born in Zimbabwe.
Rogue appears in American comic books.
Lady Gaga's second studio album, released in 2010, is called Born This Way.
Daniel Craig graduated.
Fernando Alonso was born.
Abby Sciuto is exclusively portrayed by Jay-Z.
Rachel Dratch was unable to join the cast of 30 Rock owing to contractual obligations.
Keanu Reeves played Bart Simpson in Johnny Mnemonic.
Hamlet (1990 film) starred only women.
Stand-up comedy is a comic style.
David Bowie is among the world's best-selling musicians.
Instant film has chemicals in it.
Globalization is included in International Relations.
The movie Dangerous Liaisons stars Keanu Reeves.
Stars Are Blind was co-written by Fernando Garibay.
Kris Wu starred in a film called Journey to the West.
Edward Norton worked on The Incredible Hulk.
Las Vegas means "the meadows" in Spanish.
Oliver Reed was in a movie in 1936.
R. Kelly is known for hit single "Bump N' Grind.".
Tesla, Inc. is an electric car manufacturer.
Joe Biden was a United States Senator in 1973.
Abigail Breslin is an actress.
Bradley Cooper was in Wet Hot American Summer.
Glacier is affected by mean temperature.
Heather Graham is a public advocate for Children International.
Anonymous is a group.
A crown colony is against colonial administration.
Edge of Tomorrow was released in at least 28 territories in 2014.
Papua New Guinea is an Oceanian country.
John Bradley-West played the character Samwell Tarly.
Detroit is in the United States.
Wynonna Judd was born on May 30th, 1964.
Tanzania is landlocked.
Pierce Brosnan had a cameo in "Mamma Mia!".
Shaky camera can make some viewers distracted.
Game of Thrones has an international cast of actors.
Streptococcus belongs to an order that is respiring.
The Handmaid's Tale won the first Arthur C. Clarke Award.
Naruto is a seafood dish.
Cinderella stars at least one actress.
Heikegani is only a species of bear.
There is a sequel named Back to the Future Part II.
John Hartford can play guitar.
Cambodia has zero minority groups.
Heinrich Himmler fought Nazi Germany.
Eddie Vedder is a guitarist and he is American.
A Boeing B-29 Superfortress dropped Little Boy.
George Lucas created a franchise.
Mukesh Ambani is the sponsor of an Indian business magnate.
Playboy magazine featured Pamela Anderson.
Kiiara's music features bass.
The Vampire Diaries aired eight seasons.
Jared Padalecki grew up in North Carolina.
God in Islam's theology is the sustainer of everything in existence.
Robbie Collin was an editor of The Saint.
George Cukor directed the 1933 satirical comedy Our Betters.
All My Children is set in a fictional suburb of Philadelphia.
The brown bear is a carnivore.
Martin Freeman is known for his portrayal of Lester Nygaard.
Alison Brie is only in live action movies.
Basketball is a game.
Christopher Nolan worked on The Dark Knight Trilogy.
Kiefer Sutherland was born on December 21st, 1966.
Mike Tyson was in matches against Kevin McBride and was victorious.
Alan J. Pakula directed Klute.
George Clooney was born.
Toy Story is a buddy comedy adventure film from 1995.
Sociology is the study of society's origins, development, organization, networks, and institutions.
Wyatt Earp became Dodge City's assistant city marshal.
David Arquette was employed with Brian Robbins.
Green Arrow is a brand of lawnmower designed by George Papp.
Cyndi Lauper released the album "Girls Just Want to Have Fun.".
Apollo 11 was launched from Merritt Island, North Carolina.
R. Madhavan set up Tricolour Films.
Ben Still is a comedic actor.
Kamala Harris was a student in California.
Boyz II Men uses their voice as instruments for music.
Red was directed by a German.
Feels So Good was written for an album.
David Thewlis was born in March of 1963.
Maya Rudolph acts.
Pompeii was damaged.
The Right Stuff was adapted from Tom Wolfe's 1979 book of the same name.
Lee Majors is an actor.
Black Sabbath formed in Europe.
Sue Bird was a professional basketball player.
Ronin was written by at least one screenwriter.
Madonna signed with a record company.
Missing is a French film.
Get Out excludes any acting people.
Bradley Cooper found great success with the black comedy crime film American Hustle.
Frank Sinatra collaborated with Duke Ellington.
The Comedian stars an American actor.
Woody Allen only won one award for Best Original Screenplay.
The Netherlands does not host the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
Black Panther will be released.
Rod Laver was born in 1950.
KFC is the world's fifth-largest restaurant chain.
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones was released on DVD.
Ulysses S. Grant worked with others.
Nosedive is an episode of an anthology series.
Sicily is in the Caribbean Sea.
Steven Knight was born in 1959.
Pompeii was not destroyed.
There are different species of spiders.
Schindler's List received awards.
Chris Terrio was born in the 1970s.
Justin Timberlake was born January 31, 1981.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is admired by bodybuilders.
Alicia Silverstone starred in the comedy film Clueless.
The Citadelle Laferrière is a large mountaintop fortress.
Ginger Baker was inducted into the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.
South Korea's main language is from 1443.
Led Zeppelin formed in 1868.
Prometheus is a TV show.
The Pennsylvania Chronicle was an American colonial newspaper.
The Illusionist was released in the 2000s.
Alien: Covenant stars an actor.
Until Dawn is exclusively an audiobook.
Moana is a movie made in 2016.
The Crown (TV series) starred Steve Martin.
Giancarlo Stanton constructed Notre Dame High School.
There is a country called Colombia.
Celine Dion's music has been influenced by a single genre.
Soundgarden disbanded in 1997.
Jennifer Aniston acts.
Jeff Hardy has been incapable of holding the TNA World Heavyweight Championship three times.
Paul Thomas Anderson produced a film.
Michel Gondry was a music video director that went on to direct movies.
Seth MacFarlane was one of the creators of the television series "American Dad!".
Heartlight reached number four on the Billboard Hot 100.
Clarence Thomas is strictly Canadian.
Lady Gaga is a singer, songwriter, and actress.
Richard Gere starred in a film.
Jennifer Grey is in a television series.
Spain has territory in a non-European continent.
Just Dance is a song.
Silicon Valley contains a portion of venture capital investment in the United States.
Eminem sold no albums.
John Cusack is an actor.
Michael Jordan played a sport.
Cindy McCain is a mother.
Colm Feore is an American-Canadian film actor.
Jean-Claude Van Damme was born in the 1960's.
Carl Sanders served as the 74th Governor of Georgia.
My Summer of Love was directed by a person.
American Horror Story is on FX.
Coronary artery disease can be prevented by not smoking.
Slash founded Netflix.
Chris Hardwick is not a television host.
Diary of the Dead is a film by a Russian filmmaker and editor.
The Attorney of Orleans Parish, Louisiana used to be Jim Garrison.
Gwen Stefani is 47 years old.
The Entire History of You was penned by Jesse Armstrong.
Singers were employed by K-pop Star 2.
Teen Wolf debuted in 2011.
The Craft stars Robin Tunney and Fairuza Balk and Neve Campbell.
The Fifth Element was primarily set in the 23rd millennium.
Iris Murdoch was a philosopher.
Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela is Ram-Leela for short.
Bring It On (film) had zero involvement from Jesse Bradford.
Fergie did not release the debut solo album The Dutchess.
Tom Morello developed an interest in music.
Joy is a film.
Eat Pray Love is a romantic comedy-drama film.
Fifth Harmony currently consists of 4 singers.
Subhas Chandra Bose's birth month was January.
Tesla, Inc. refuses to make sport utility vehicles.
Lake Powell is a reservoir.
Tom Brady has been in the Super Bowl zero times.
Soundgarden sold more than 22.5 million records worldwide in 2012.
Purple Haze is a work of music.
Demi Lovato acted on Barney & Friends.
Coldplay released an album.
Natalie Wood starred in a remake of From Here to Eternity.
Doug Ducey served as the CEO of Cold Stone Creamery.
My Summer of Love was directed by a Canadian filmmaker.
The Odia language is spoken in a place in the center-east outside of India.
Ozzy Osbourne was part of Black Sabbath.
War of the Worlds is a science fiction film.
A Few Good Men is reviewed by Rob Reiner.
Machine Gun Kelly did not release A Little More.
Brianna Hildebrand was featured in Deadpool 2.
Adderall does not contain a levoamphetamine component.
Jon Snow is not a prominent character in the novel A Dance with Dragons.
Rescue Me premiered on July 21.
30 Seconds to Mars is an album.
The Boston Celtics share an arena with the Bruins.
Sherlock (TV series) was released with tie-in novels.
Sean Spicer held a position at the RNC from 2015 to 2017.
The Hobbit is a high fantasy adventure book series.
Rob Lowe was in the cast of at least one television series.
Novak Djokovic was born in 1987.
Ted Bundy committed assaults in the seventies.
Divergent reviewers found the film generic.
The island of Trinidad was surrendered by José María Chacón in 1797.
Leopold II of Belgium was the king of Belgium second.
The Voice was continued for a fourteenth season in 2017.
In Too Deep is a 1999 crime thriller film.
Steven Spielberg has had a film career.
Junun was directed by Tim Burton.
A 2003 superhero film featured Michael Clarke Duncan.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was a human.
Naruto is not an anime.
Broadchurch does not have any seasons.
Richard Gere won a Screen Actors Guild award.
Beasts of the Southern Wild was proposed for Best Picture.
Bryan Bertino is the person that was credited for directing The Strangers.
Priyanka Chopra promotes causes.
Tyrion Lannister is a character.
Bruce Springsteen received no honors or awards.
Jeff Bezos was born in February.
Dwight D. Eisenhower worked with the Chinese government.
Programmer includes data analyst.
Paranormal pertains to psychic abilities.
Bradley Cooper was nominated for multiple Academy Awards.
George H. W. Bush was president from 1889 to 1993.
The National Council for Peace and Order was formed.
Snowden stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
A hostel is where lodging is done.
Marshall McLuhan was active in media discourse.
Massachusetts is to the west of the Atlantic Ocean.
Veronika Decides to Die is written by James Cameron.
System of a Down has only sold albums in Greenland.
Ruth Negga is not a film actress.
David Carradine was a flower.
Dallas, Texas is where Stevie Ray Vaughan was born.
Young MC has appeared on TV.
Jeff Bezos is not American.
Tina Fey has missed out on every chance to win a Writers Guild of America Award.
Black Sails was renewed for a fourth season.
System of a Down reunited in October.
Lymelife takes place in 1970's Long Island and centers on two brothers.
John F. Kennedy is a founder of the Kennedy family.
Leonardo Bonucci was named to the UEFA Europa League Squad of the season.
Washington Naval Conference resulted in the end of the Nine-Power Treaty.
Atomic Blonde is based on a 2017 graphic novel.
Machine Gun Kelly is an American musician.
Chelsea F.C. is from London.
The Illuminati have been shown pulling the strings behind the scenes in various television programs.
Twenty One Pilots is a band.
Chris Pratt starred in two academically successful films in 2014.
Curly Top is a film released in 1935.
FC Barcelona has won World titles in soccer.
One of David Beckham's middle names is Joseph.
C. S. Forester was a writer of a novel series.
Minnesota was inhabited by the Dakota.
Lumen Pierce is a character from Showtime's Dexter.
There is an American film called The Belko Experiment.
Wyatt Earp was a hunter.
Bryan Cranston is a senator.
Love & Friendship has only ever been a book.
The Nazi Party took totalitarian control over the fascist state of Nazi Germany.
Elizabeth Taylor acted on the stage.
Pornhub is a website for video sharing.
Lumen Pierce appears during a season.
Superman has been reimagined in alternative versions.
Legion stars an animal.
Overwatch is a game.
Greece is historically known as Hellas.
The Boston Celtics share an arena with the Boston Bruins.
Jennifer Hudson is a singing coach.
Ron Cobb is a cartoonist.
Budapest was the focal point of the American Civil War of 1848.
The 2013 NBA draft was not held in New York.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is where the Wicked Witch of the West made her debut.
Taylor Swift is a music artist.
Aaliyah had an album that sold over 3 million copies in the US.
There are cable broadcasts of Game of Thrones.
Warren G. Harding was President of France.
Lance Armstrong raced between 2010 and 2011.
The Weeknd is a singer from Canada.
Kangana Ranaut's feature film debut was in the 2000s.
Belgium has both Dutch-speaking and French-speaking people in its capital.
Katie Holmes is an Australian.
The Olympic Games is an international single-sport event.
Maid in Manhattan was a 2002 movie directed by Wayne Wang.
Gold is easily handled.
Norovirus causes inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract.
Harald V of Norway has a husband.
There is a film called Blue Velvet.
Roman Reigns is a winner.
Ted Bundy was charged with killing.
Canada was inhabited.
Rumi could be characterized as a Sufi mystic.
Alexander Hamilton became a member of a militia company in 1775.
Harvey Kurtzman taught cartooning.
This Sporting Life was directed by a leading light of the French New Wave.
Line of Duty is a series that appears on British Television.
The Playboy Club's cast includes an actress.
Australia is a country in the Pacific Ocean.
Kristen Bell was in a movie.
Ozzy Osbourne is from Birmingham, England.
Lake Powell straddles the border between Massachusetts and New Hampshire.
Gillian Jacobs appeared in the battle of Hot Tub Time Machine 2.
Mountains of the Moon (film) stars an Irish actor born in the 1950s.
Rose Kennedy was an American.
Britney Spears' ninth EP is Blackout.
Wayne Rooney is not a footballer.
Mark Millar has worked on The Secret Service.
Abigail Breslin was incapable of starring in Definitely, Maybe.
Prometheus is a science-fiction horror 2012 film that involves aliens.
Furia is written by a filmmaker.
Steve Harvey was the author of Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man.
George Cukor directed the 1933 Pre-Code American dramatic film Little Women.
The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan is based on Whiskey Tango Foxtrot.
Foo Fighters was named only after a food fight over egg foo yong.
Eazy-E is the child of Richard and Katie Wright.
Ronin is a action-thriller spy film.
Pompeii is in Italy.
Debbie Reynolds was not on Broadway.
Instagram only supports fullscreen videos.
Theodore Roosevelt was a naturalist advocate.
The Academy Awards has yet to be broadcast on radio.
Amy Adams portrayed an artist.
Evonne Goolagong Cawley was born on July 31st, 1951.
A National Film Award was won by Chokher Bali.
Hearing loss may be noise induced.
In 2004 Blizzard Entertainment created World of Warcraft.
Taiwan's only neighbor is Australia.
In 2008, Big Bang won Artist of the Year.
The Adjustment Bureau is a film.
In football, Paulo Dybala plays as a forward.
Boston was not founded in 1630.
Absolute Beginners featured an English band.
Emily Ratajkowski was in a commercial for an upscale car brand during a Super Bowl.
Newcastle United F.C. is a sports team.
Tamera Mowry has twin named Tia.
Marcus Allen won a Super Bowl.
Patrick Dempsey is in at least one movie.
One Direction's Where We Are Tour was a commercial flop.
Usain Bolt is not an Olympian.
Spider-Man premiered in the Philippines in April 2002.
Peyton Manning played for a football team.
Moana is a comic.
The Magna Carta was renewed.
Telangana contains the town Warangal.
Brandenburg Gate was a place where Ronald Reagan gave a speech.
The Offspring formed in 2001.
The Wolf of Wall Street got five nominations at the Academy Awards in Las Vegas.
Ballet Shoes was released on British television.
The Great British Sewing Bee is a show categorized as a game.
Dennis Hopper had an acting career.
Helen Mirren is the winner of an Olivier Award and a Tony Award.
Florence Ballard struggled with poverty.
Deadpool is the eighth installment in a series.
Tyler, The Creator died as Tyler Gregory Okonma.
Tim Allen was on a sitcom.
Richard Gere has no experience acting.
Octavia Spencer refused to work on the film Snowpiercer.
Room is directed by Judd Apatow.
Adele released her third studio album in 2015.
Today, elephants are put on display.
Kobe Bryant was a member of the L.A. Lakers.
The House at Pooh Corner was only sung by A. A. Milne.
Gift of the Night Fury stars the voice of an actress whose birthday was in April.
British Airways (BA) is the third largest behind EasyJet in the UK based on passengers carried.
Louis Tomlinson was an extra.
Up All Night is an album by an pop boy band from the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Marc Maron is a person.
Alec Baldwin portrayed a character made by Tom Clancy.
There is a professional wrestler name John Cena.
Christie Brinkley has been named one of the most attractive women ever by Playboy.
Prison Break centers about the story of two brothers.
Overwatch is played exclusively as single player.
The United Kingdom encompasses Wales.
Andy Fletcher's has a longer full name.
Rachel McAdams was in a film.
Jerry Maguire was inspired by a sports competition named Leigh Steinberg.
Jon Pertwee was in a series.
Mrs Henderson Presents is a British movie.
Tom Felton was on screen.
Kristen Bell is an acrobat.
Saratoga includes Mark Hamill.
There has been an appearance by Alicia Keys in a 2008 American drama film.
Bryan Adams has won awards.
Nelson Mandela was a revolutionary against apartheid.
Metro Boomin was born in 1993.
Velaiilla Pattadhari 2 was invented by an Indian graphic designer.
Tall Story's director was born in Bolivia.
Catherine of Alexandria is also known by other titles.
Alpha Centauri is a few light years from the Sun.
Remote Control Productions has provided the scores for Transformers.
Yellow Flicker Beat has been performed at an event.
Gerd von Rundstedt's birth date was December 12, 1875.
The Syrian Desert covers parts of northeastern Jordan.
Don Henley worked with Glenn Frey.
Ad-Rock is single.
Jesus preached his words orally.
Mauritius was a colony.
Patricia Lea ``Patty'' Jenkins was born in the 70's.
Austria has nine states.
Nigeria has roughly 184 million inhabitants.
Stanley Tucci is not American.
Suits (TV series) has fictional people such as Jessica Pearson and Mike Ross.
Rebecca Hall never played a news anchor.
Black Sabbath was only a jazz band.
Betty Buckley has received multiple Grammy Award nominations.
Joseph Stalin raised money via underground activities.
Prison Break won an award.
Thirteen's director was Catherine Hardwicke.
Schindler's List was the recipient of seven Academy Awards.
The Bourne Supremacy has an actress called Nicky Parsons.
Everton F.C. is part of the premier league.
Bernard Madoff employed his uncle Shana as his firm's rules and compliance officer.
Matthew McConaughey was in a film.
Francois de Belleforest translated anything except the works of Lodovico Guicciardini.
Alandi is a city council.
All My Children is set in Pine Valley.
Charles Mackay writes songs.
Mirka Federer is of Slovak heritage.
Justin Timberlake made an appearance on The All-New Mickey Mouse Club.
Chinese people are part of the minority group of Cambodia.
Bill Gates was CEO of Microsoft.
Inception was unable to cast Ellen Page.
The Wire is a TV series.
Joe Manganiello has worked with Channing Tatum.
Jackie Robinson lost the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949.
Oh Yeon-seo was born.
Toyota is one of the smallest companies to encourage the mass-market adoption of hybrid vehicles in the world.
The Divergent Series: Allegiant is based on the novel of the same name.
Bill Nye invented a tube.
Assassin's Creed was only released for the personal computer.
Winnie Harlow was part of the twenty-first cycle of a U.S. film.
Pulp Fiction has been regarded as a masterpiece and is a classic.
Lionel Messi won an accolade at the 2008 Olympics.
Jack Paar was an entertainer.
Zooey Deschanel plays keyboards.
L. Frank Baum created the Wicked Witch of the West.
The Mummy is a film.
Yardie is a short story.
Rebecca Hall does not act.
Johan Heldenbergh was passed over for a role in Moscow, Belgium.
Harmanpreet Kaur was a player in Tests.
Luke Evans starred in Dracula Untold.
The Renaissance was a period of time.
Loki is a god in mythology.
John McCain works in politics.
Tim Henman is a carp.
Jessica Lange acts on Broadway.
Get Out stars an actor.
Robert F. Kennedy was the writer of The Enemy Within.
All My Children is set in Pennsylvania.
Drake (musician) is in accounting his whole life.
Joseph Stalin was a Russian politician.
Jet Li made a debut.
RuPaul is a recording microphone.
John Bradley-West refused to be in the TV series Game of Thrones.
Turkey is not a founding member of The G20.
The Kitti's hog-nosed bat is capable of true and sustained flight.
Puerto Rico is a piece of land surrounded by water.
Bobby Moore was in an order in Britain.
Journey's fourth album was Infinity.
Felicity Jones was incapable of portraying Jane Hawking.
Delhi shares a border with Uttar Pradesh.
Adam Sandler was born in 1977.
Coldplay released an EP with Parlophone.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a film based on Marvel Comics.
The Netherlands is densely populated.
George Cukor directed films.
Lady Gaga is a lizard, songwriter, and actress.
Richard Curtis worked with Sir Lenny Henry.
Russell Brand is a performer.
Grey's Anatomy focuses on lives of characters that are physicians.
Iron Man was produced.
Ella Enchanted featured Heidi Klum.
Patrick Bateman is the villain protagonist of the 2000 film adaptation American Psycho.
Karan Johar is a screenwriter.
King Kong's director is Peter Jackson.
Robert Duvall did not star in Tender Mercies.
Red Hot Chili Peppers were formed in 1990.
Willow Smith is a professional actress.
Barack Obama's planned presidential library will be in Chicago.
On 29 May 1630, Charles II of England was born.
Drop Dead Gorgeous follows the contestants in a beauty competition.
Richard Gere starred in an American film.
The House of Lusignan ruled much of Europe.
A season of Glee aired in 2015.
Paul McCartney is a three-time inductee into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Man of Steel (film) was directed by Zack Snyder.
Muhammad Ali was involved in several matches.
Mark Bomback is a person.
Centralia, Pennsylvania is a place that is designated as a borough.
Jeff Bridges played Otis "Bad" Blake in Crazy Heart.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who has worked as an engineer.
Steffi Graf won 5 consecutive majors.
Ramona Marquez is from somewhere other than London.
Clarence Thomas went to college.
Galaxy Quest is a comedy movie.
Reviewers found Divergent unoriginal.
Destiny was released in September for the Playstation 4.
Barbados is an Atlantic island.
Tina Fey joined SNL as a writer.
Vince Vaughn appeared in the 1993 sports film Rudy.
Jennifer Hudson was an American Idol finalist.
Water does not prevail at standard ambient temperature and pressure.
Tiger Woods won zero awards at The Open Championship.
William Shatner is in Boston Legal.
The Kingdom of Georgia re-asserted its sovereignty by the 1390's.
Paris Hilton is incapable of being a recording artist.
Gene Hackman was in a film.
Narcolepsy can disrupt sleep.
Annie Parisse is not an actress.
There are programs targeted at kids aged 0-7 on Nickelodeon.
Furia is written by someone who collaborated with Alexandre Aja and it is French.
Thiokol was also known as ATK Launch Systems Group and it was American.
Emmy Rossum is a director.
Will Smith was considered as a possible director of Django Unchained.
Amazon Web Services included tools for the inter-networking of physical devices.
H. H. Holmes's full name was Herman Webster Mudgett.
Appian Way Productions is rarely a film production company.
As the World Turns is set in Illinois.
Billy Joel is not involved in the music industry.
Mexico's war with France began in 1838.
Shakira is only a chef.
There is a movie that received negative reviews from critics called Vacation (2015 film).
Lincoln Motor Company was founded in 1919.
Rebecca Hall appeared in The Awakening.
Chris Evans (presenter) hosted Drivetime.
Diana Ross was in the Supremes.
A Fine Romance stopped airing before 1981.
Romelu Lukaku played for a sports team.
The United States was not once 13 British colonies.
Mexico has a population of over 100 million.
Rex is voiced by Hugo Weaving.
The Czech Republic has 10.125 million inhabitants.
Adolf Dassler was the founder of the sportswear company Adidas.
Elvis Presley is dead.
Turn: Washington's Spies was canceled.
Ji Chang-wook was born in the 1980s.
Hairspray (2007 soundtrack) is certified Platinum by the RIAA.
Friends with Benefits features Mila Kunis.
Arnold Vinick is a character that doesn't appear in The West Wing.
Oscar Wilde was an essayist.
The Bostonians (film) is incapable of being a romantic film.
Natalie Wood was born before 1946.
Jemaine Clement has played an instrument.
The Boys from Brazil features Gregory Peck.
Chris Hemsworth was the lead role in A Perfect Getaway.
Greenwich is in England.
Spain isn't a country.
Kristen Stewart is an actress.
Look at My Dab is by a band formed in 2009.
After World War 2, the United Nations was established.
Transformers was advertised.
Charles Haley is an American football player.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was released worldwide in November 18, 2016.
Kingdom Hearts is a TV series.
Hugo Weaving voiced Rex in Babe.
Kate Nash was dropped from her record label in 2011.
Neil Young began performing in Canada.
Andy Fletcher is known as "Fletch" by his friends.
Lipstick Under My Burkha is a novel.
Blind Faith was a blues rock band from England.
The New York Times was created in the city of the same name.
Several films feature Kajal Aggarwal as the female lead.
Jacki Weaver worked in films.
The G20 economies account for part of the world population.
North Korea is bordered by Russia.
Cyndi Lauper is an American singer.
History of art includes various subjects.
Ramzan Kadyrov was born in the 20th century.
Jennifer Aniston is married to actor and writer Justin Theroux.
Abraham Lincoln was a Republican.
Dopamine is a substance.
The Great Waldo Pepper's cast included American actress Margot Kidder.
The Aegean Sea has a connector.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia premiered on FX.
Michael Jackson was born in 2009.
Ulysses S. Grant was in a war.
Schindler's List premiered in New York City.
A Nobel Prize has been awarded to Bob Dylan.
Ann Romney died April 16, 1949.
Florida is between the Gulf of Mexico, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Straits of Florida.
Dog Day Afternoon stars John Cazale.
About a third of people do not develop shingles at some point in their life.
Lightning rods can be made from copper.
Harry Potter is a fantasy composition.
Alexis Knapp stars in Pitch Perfect 3.
Hungary was founded during a conquest.
Margot Kidder is an actress.
Drax the Destroyer is a fictional character.
The football team of Georgia Institute of Technology is the Yellow Jackets.
Salman Khan was in a romantic drama.
Juliette Binoche toured with a modern dance production.
Matt Damon received awards for his portrayal of Scott Thorson in Behind the Candelabra.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who has worked.
Arya Stark is trained in the Braavosi style of sword fighting.
Splatoon 2 is developed by a company.
Brave was produced by an animation studio.
Death in Paradise (TV series) was created by an Australian screenwriter.
A production company founded Eleveneleven.
Demi Lovato is an advocate for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender community.
Jackie Chan is a Cantopop star.
The Walt Disney Company does not own the ABC broadcast television network.
Dog Day Afternoon stars at least one actor.
Elephants have predators.
The Lion King is a story.
Short Term 12 is a film from the United States.
John Wayne Gacy is convicted of killing someone intentionally.
The Czech Republic does not have 10.5 million inhabitants.
Gary Ridgway worked for Kenworth at a truck factory.
Jennifer Aniston is a woman.
Linux is a software system that manages and provides common services for computer programs in a way that behaves in a manner similar to a Unix system.
William Shatner was an actor.
Kazakhstan is a country.
One of the producers of Star Wars: The Force Awakens is the president of Lucasfilm.
Mission: Impossible aired from 1966 to 1973.
William Shatner earned two Emmy Awards.
The Backstreet Boys are a nineties boy band.
The Supernatural pilot premiered in 2006.
Shawn Michaels was a WWF Grand Slam Champion.
The Himalayas has some of its mountains in Pakistan.
Slovenia uses the euro.
Backstreet Boys was unable to release their 8th album.
Same-sex marriage is illegal in Alabama.
Steven Spielberg turned down the opportunity to work  on the 1993 film Jurassic Park.
Red Velvet (band) is South Korean female group formed by a South Korean company S.M. Entertainment.
Give Me Everything is a Devo song.
Martina Navratilova plays tennis.
James Marsden lost prominence with his portrayal of Scott Summers.
Russia has the smallest stockpile of weapons of mass destruction.
The Wild Thornberrys aired in the United Kingdom.
To Kill a Mockingbird explores the theme of economic injustice.
Travis Scott released his second mixtape in 2014.
Django Unchained is only a game.
Kate & Leopold is a 2017 film.
Sean Combs worked as a talent director with Uptown Records.
David Carradine acted.
Eliza Dushka is incapable of having any roles in films.
Audrey Hepburn was ranked as the third-greatest female screen legend in Golden Age Hollywood.
The Flash is based on a DC Comics character.
Alexander Hamilton avoided a college that is now called Columbia University.
The 84th Academy Awards' winners included Midnight in Paris.
Artemis was only the Hellenic mortal of childbirth.
The current Doctor is the twelfth.
Elton John was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1998.
The Bible contains early Christian writings.
Eagles second live album was Hell Freezes Over.
Dragon Ball has been made into a large number of video games.
Rich Girl (Gwen Stefani song) was nominated for an award at the 47th Grammy Awards.
Ellen DeGeneres appeared on a TV program.
American Horror Story is a TV spectacle.
Seinfeld's quotes are catchphrases in pop culture.
A British sitcom that ended on June 14 was produced by Sue Vertue.
Kristen Bell is an actress.
Susan Sarandon is an BAFTA Award winner.
Stanley Tucci won an Emmy for his work.
The Kathiawar peninsula is three thousand miles from Gujarat.
Penny Dreadful's season was eight episodes long.
Mark Wahlberg co-stars in an American reality series.
Ringo Starr sang for the Beatles.
Saamy is a film.
Judy Greer's birthday is May 20.
Abraham Lincoln died of natural causes.
Trevor Noah was born in the 20th century.
Clues is an episode of The Singing Detective.
Transformers: Age of Extinction wasn't released in 2014.
Harvey Kurtzman taught at the School of Visual Arts.
Horseshoe Falls is one of three waterfalls along the Canada-US Border.
Johnny Mnemonic was released in the United States in 1995.
Tina Turner made a song for a film.
World War I involved the world's economic great powers.
Colm Feore is a stage and television actor.
Grey's Anatomy is filmed in California.
The Challenge was later abridged to its current name.
Arrested Development is set in Newport Beach, a city in San Diego County.
Atlantic City was only made in 2001.
Spider-Man is relatable.
The Midwestern United States includes Minnesota.
Sociology is the study of society's institutions.
Zendaya is in the song "Watch Me".
Broadcast News is a 1987 comedy-drama film.
Maria I of Portugal existed as Queen of Portugal.
The Great Debaters includes Nate Parker in a starring role.
Billy Joel is in the performing arts industry.
Northeast megalopolis includes small urban centers.
Green Day won an award for Record of the Year for "Boulevard of Broken Dreams.".
Easy Virtue is a TV show.
Matthew McConaughey was in the film Amistad directed by Steven Spielberg.
Collision Course was released in 2004.
Bronson (film) starred Tom Hardy.
Marcus Rashford is a professional tennis player.
The Midwestern United States includes Minnesota and Nebraska.
Denmark's government and national parliament is located in Copenhagen.
Hippocrates was alive between 1991-2010.
The Avengers (2012 film) was written by an American screenwriter born in the nineteen sixties.
Jenni Rivera won at least one award in the 21st century.
Blue Velvet stars an actress.
Bobby Moore's caps record for outfield players was beaten by David Beckham.
Black Widow appears in comic books.
South Korea's alphabet hindered the general population from easily learning to read and write.
There was a politician named Abraham Lincoln.
One actress is Sophia Abrahão.
Justin Trudeau attended school.
Horrible Bosses is an American comedic film.
Roald Dahl became an acting wing commander.
Mel Gibson acted in a lead role in the film Gallipoli.
Machu Picchu is on a mountain ridge 210 m above sea level.
Daniel Day-Lewis was born in London.
The Hangover Part III includes Bradley Cooper, Ed Helms, Zach Galifianakis, Justin Bartha, and Ken Jeong, Jeffrey Tambor, Heather Graham, Mike Epps, Melissa McCarthy and John Goodman.
Superman the film was released in 1978 .
Alexander Lebedev is a businessman.
Taylor Swift is signed to an Australian record label.
Anthony Meindl has coached and worked with Chaz Bono.
Father of the Bride has Martin Short in a starring role.
John Prendergast founded Enough Project.
Acting is a profession of Louis Tomlinson.
CeeLo Green is a person.
The Democratic Republic of Congo is a country in Central Africa.
Joaquin Phoenix played a supporting role in To Die For in 2005.
Mike Portnoy was in Dream Theater.
One of the former presidents of the United States of America was John F. Kennedy.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is unable to serve as a hub for Delta Air Lines.
Yamaha Corporation produces items.
Tom Hanks was an executive producer.
Sarah Michelle Gellar co-founded a company.
Angela Lansbury is from London.
Jake Gyllenhaal is in Prisoners as an actor.
Ancient Algeria has known many empires and dynasties.
The wife of Richard Nixon served as a First Lady of the United States.
Saif Ali Khan's career declined in a box.
Jim Henson worked as a director.
Robin was conceived as a vehicle to attract the dead.
Roald Dahl was listed as the 16th greatest British writer since 1945.
The Long Run was solely written by Don Henley.
American Gods was a book first published in 2001.
Anschluss is used to label an occurrence on 12 March.
The Outcasts was made available in limited theaters.
Ellen Burstyn was born after the filming of Requiem for a Dream.
Edward VIII was royalty.
Giada De Laurentiis has been a contributor to a morning TV program.
Farrah Fawcett is immune to all disease.
Oliver Reed was an actor in a movie in 1975.
Cowboy was only performed during the Super Bowl XVIII halftime show.
Reg Watson created Neighbours.
KFC opened a restaurant abroad by the mid-1960s.
Lust for Life is a biographical movie.
Varun Dhawan has acted in films.
Caitlyn Jenner officially transformed her name and gender in September 2015.
Anonymous is a single person.
Little Miss Sunshine is a movie.
TD Garden hosted three games of the 2008 NBA Finals with the Celtics.
Chris Froome is not a cyclist.
Doctor Who is made in Britain.
Tom Cruise was in a film based on a fictional novel.
BRIT School was established in 1922 in London.
Helen Mirren won an Olivier in 2013 and a Tony in 2015.
Kolyma has reserves of antimony.
Buckingham Palace possesses vibrantly colored scagliola.
Kafka stars an actor.
The Wachowskis directed most of the episodes of Sense8, leaving the rest to frequent collaborators.
Theodore Roosevelt lived a strenuous lifestyle and died when he was older.
The Catalyst was the first single off of A Thousand Suns.
Marion Cotillard won an Academy Award.
The Jacksons had 12 episodes.
Paul Newman co-founded a company with author A. E. Hotchner.
Chris Hardwick was born in 1971.
Richard Nixon was defeated by Vice President Hubert Humphrey in a presidential election.
Fahrenheit 451 was directed by Francois Truffaut.
Rescue Me is a TV series.
21 Jump Street was released on March 16, 2012.
Denis Leary is a tire iron.
The Dayton Agreement was also known as The General Framework Agreement for Peace in Turks and Caicos.
Werner Herzog is a German producer.
Try was recorded by the singer Pink.
Allen Iverson went to Georgetown University.
Vince Vaughn started his acting career in the 2000s.
Muhammad was a person.
Tiger Woods won 15 professional major golf championships.
Gang Signs & Prayer is an album by a recording artist in the grime music genre.
Tamera Mowry has a brother named Tia Mowry.
Zeus is Rhea's child.
Slash is in a band.
The Supernatural pilot premiered on Netflix.
Fahrenheit 451 was written in America.
Henrietta Maria of France passed away on the 10th of September.
Newspapers exclude listings.
Suriname maintains economic ties with the Kingdom of the Netherlands since their independence in 1975.
Desperate Housewives played on ABC.
Steve Irwin was Bolivian.
Ruth Negga did not portray Mildred Loving in Loving.
Demon Days is an album.
Pamela Anderson is a person who acts.
Angelina Jolie was in Wanted as an actress.
Fairfield Grammar School was founded in 1898.
Jessica Chastain was in movies of American production.
WeChat is only an encryption app.
Cougar Town was an American television sitcom that first aired in September 2009.
Martina Hingis was born on September 30, 1980.
Toy Story 3 is an American 3D computer-animated comedy drama film.
No Reservations features Bob Balaban.
Bryan Cranston was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for Trumbo.
In Her Shoes was adapted from a novella.
DJ Khaled assisted in the production of the pop albums Me, Myself, & I by Fat Joe.
Gone with the Wind (novel) is an American play from 1936.
Nicolas Cage is an American actor.
Zendaya is a dancer.
San Francisco is a American city.
The Beastie Boys' fifth studio album was Hello Nasty.
Jessica Lange made her film debut in the remake of a movie from 1933.
The iPhone 5C was compared to the discontinued 5S.
Texas was once ruled by another country.
Selene serves as the central country in a 2003 action horror film.
How I Met Your Mother was cancelled after only one season.
Umbrella is on a collection of recordings.
Mr. Freeze is an friend of Batman.
The Supernatural pilot premiered in the mid 2000s.
The Underworld film series has a combined net worth of $212 million.
Big Bang won 3 awards in Japan.
Lonesome Dove (miniseries) had 18 wins at the 1989 Emmy Awards.
Demi Lovato released a single.
Lightning rods sometimes consists of aluminum.
Malcolm Young's birth year is 1953.
Boris Karloff acted in media.
Dolly Parton didn't star in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.
The X Factor is a TV series.
Steven Spielberg worked on the 2005 film War of the Worlds.
Ellyse Perry was born in 2000.
The Flash is based on the superhero Flash.
James Blake (musician) has released work under a moniker.
The Renaissance started in Florence.
Barbara Bain only acts in film.
Miami Blues featured Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Algeria is a perfume brand.
The Nintendo Switch was released in March 2017 and uses Joy-Con wireless controllers.
Gone with the Wind is a book.
The Russian Federation is the official name of Russia.
Hong Kong keeps up its independent executive, legislative, and judiciary powers.
Michael Keaton is an actor.
In an index pertaining to alpha cities, Tokyo ranked fourth.
Josh Hartnett is not a movie producer.
Greyson Chance is French.
Mark Ruffalo has avoided film production entirely.
The Strangers is an American film.
Back to the Future Part II is science fiction.
The Portuguese Empire is also known as something else.
John McEnroe was a sports player.
Bob Dylan was alive in 1941.
Supernatural is the longest-running American fantasy series.
The Bengali language is the language of two national anthems.
Pitch Perfect 3 stars Anna Kendrick, Anna Camp, Rebel Wilson, Brittany Snow, Hailee Steinfeld, Alexis Knapp, Ester Dean, Hana Mae Lee, Chrissie Fit, Kelley Jakle.
Charles Marie de La Condamine was American.
Gabon is located in Africa.
Dolly Parton has an album.
Central America contains agriculture.
The German Shepherd is the fourth-most registered breed by The Kennel Club.
Tori Kelly is a singer.
Paul Walker was born in September.
Marlon Brando took a four-year hiatus.
Yamaha Corporation produces musical instruments.
The Twilight Zone is a 60s horror film.
Instant film contains chemicals that develop it.
Teen Wolf premiered before the 2011 MTV Movie Awards.
The Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award has been presented to a member of the Miami Marlins.
South Korea is a country.
Lee Majors is a performer.
The Academy Honorary Award was removed for an award previous called the Special Award.
Google specializes in Internet-related services and products.
Oh Yeon-seo was born in Korea.
Mr. Nobody was written exclusively by Elmo.
Leslie Uggams appeared in Deadpool.
NASA has led most US space exploration efforts since the 1950s.
Born This Way is a piece of music.
The Simpsons has aired on television.
The Democratic Party (United States)'s caucus in the House of Representatives has a minority of conservative Democrats.
Big Brother 18 (UK)'s narration is done by Marcus Bentley.
The Wolfman (2010 film) was directed by nobody.
Sleep can be disrupted by medical conditions.
Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist and lived for 33 years.
Homeland was developed by Alex Gansa.
Splatoon 2 is playable by up to five players in online matches.
The Mickey Mouse Club is a television series that Christina Aguilera appeared on.
Laurie Hernandez is an American artistic Olympic gymnast.
The Champ stars a film director.
Fox is a major film studio.
Someone born in 1946 stars in Father of the Bride.
An original soundtrack was released with Sherlock (TV series).
Despicable Me 3 only stars the voice of Steve Carell.
Elizabeth Taylor launched a perfume brand.
Christian Bale was born in February.
Just Dance was song that gained success gradually and it was successful.
Lymelife is set in 1970's Long Island.
There is a film called Back to the Future Part II.
O. J. Simpson received a criminal charge for armed robbery.
Pablo Picasso failed to be a painter.
Al Capone had an ailment.
Semitic languages are spoken by more than 330 million dogs.
Peyton Manning is not the son of an NFL quarterback.
Jazz Jennings only appears on LiveLeak.
Evan Rachel Wood appeared in movies.
Everybody Needs a Best Friend was composed.
The 1983-84 NBA season ended with the MLB Championship.
Zlatan Ibrahimović has played for a team.
Philip V of Spain served as the King of Spain.
Thiokol was a corporation and it was American.
Michael Jackson is the eight child of the Jackson family.
Raveena Tandon starred in Laadla.
The World Science Festival is New York headquartered.
Kangana Ranaut's feature film debut was in 2001.
Reuters transmits news in at least one language.
Social anxiety disorder is characterized by fear in a variety of social situations.
The Bible contains only late Christian Greek writings.
Kanye West was born in Atlanta.
Michelle Williams (singer) starred in the American musical productions "The Color Purple (2007).".
Apple Inc. is a Canadian company.
Mao Zedong is a poet and visionary.
The seventh installment of the Fast & Furious franchise is Furious 7.
Arya Stark wields a sword name Needle.
We Found Love's music video depicts the singer as a thrill seeker.
Bangalore was ruled by an Indian power.
Splatoon 2 is a team-based third-person shooter.
Dileep starred in Sallapam.
Same-sex marriage is legal in parts of Europe.
The terrain of Kazakhstan includes deserts.
Hillary Clinton had Senator Tim Kaine as her vice presidential running mate.
James Bond is produced by a British film company.
The 2014 WTA Finals began on October 17.
Narendra Modi was assigned to the BJP.
Denzel Washington has yet to direct a movie.
The Belko Experiment premiered at the 41st Toronto International Film Festival.
The Great Gatsby looks at themes of decadence.
Caroline, Princess of Hanover is wedded to a male descendant.
Caroline, Princess of Hanover is married to the heir of a human.
Arnold Vinick is a character.
The Jim Henson Company produced a film featuring the Muppets.
Goat Island is connected to a pedestrian bridge.
Warm Leatherette is by Grace Jones and she is Jamaican.
One television series was 100 Greatest of All Time.
South Korea has a large budget surplus.
Death in Paradise (TV series) was created by a screenwriter.
Pulp Fiction has  not been regarded as a masterpiece.
Kurt Angle refuses to be a professional wrestler.
Ethan Hawke does not write.
Snoop Dogg is from America.
Shirley MacLaine starred in a movie.
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children takes place on an island.
Wonder Woman is skilled in battle combat.
Marilyn Monroe played comic characters.
Gemini is a 2002 film.
South Korea's main language was invented in 1444.
There are multiple types of Lymphoma.
Sage Stallone was an American film director.
The 18th book in one series is Never Go Back.
The name Minneapolis has its origins in a nonsense word from a popular Depression-era comic book.
The Lion is a big dog.
John Adams acquired loans from Amsterdam bankers.
Octavia Spencer refused to work on an animated film called Zootopia.
Charles II of England had a Muslim brother.
Rhona Mitra is Australian.
Drama school offers zero degrees.
Daz Dillinger is the alter ego of Delmar Drew Arnaud.
The Isle of Man has always been an independent country.
Matt Smith is a human.
Supernatural has had no more than 5 seasons.
Darius Rucker founded a band in 1986.
Life After Death is by a Canadian.
Eddie Vedder is a performer.
Planet of the Apes (1968 film) sponsored a script that underwent rewrites.
The Gadsden flag was named after an American general.
Michael C. Hall won a Screen Actors Guild Award in 2010.
Jennifer Garner was in a film.
Amy Poehler is an American director and producer.
The United Kingdom is on the north of Continental Europe.
The Titanic had more lifeboats than needed.
Amazon Web Services included database services.
Red Hot Chili Peppers were founded in Los Angeles.
REM behavior disorder can disrupt sleep.
Paul Pierce played basketball for the Boston Celtics.
Helena Bonham Carter was in a series.
Ranbir Kapoor co-owns a football team.
Beautiful got to number two on the Billboard charts.
My Bloody Valentine 3D was edited solely by Dede Allen.
Francois de Belleforest translated the works of Antonio de Guevara.
In the AL MVP Award vote for 1996, Alex Rodriguez placed second.
In 1986, Lady Gaga was born.
Nat Faxon was on TV.
Matt Sorum's touring project Kings of Chaos has yet to feature members of Slipknot.
Taiwan is north of the Phillippines.
Keanu Reeves acted as Johnny Mnemonic in Johnny Mnemonic.
Conor McGregor won championships.
The Supremes were a girl group in the 1960s.
Gregor Clegane is the older sister of The Hound.
The Conjuring 2 was written by Carey Hayes.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by someone who works in anything except the fantasy genre.
Seven Days in May had Frederic March in its cast.
Punisher is a war veteran.
Aaliyah made the album Aaliyah and it was her last album to be released in her career.
Meghan McCain presents and contributes to Fox News.
Henry V is based on a work by Tom Stoppard.
From 1934 to 1945, Adolf Hitler was leader of Nazi Germany.
Hugo Weaving is in V for Vendetta.
Hugh Hefner was a soldier.
Jack Reacher (film) is a 2012 American film.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiered in Boston.
Dr. Dre established his own label.
Singapore won its autonomy directly from Britain in 1963 and has been sovereign since.
Jesus was a religious figure.
MS Dhoni participated in the World Cup in 2011.
Dolly Parton is the writer of "Jolene.".
London has people.
Wild Ones is from Flo Rida's fourth studio album, Wild Ones.
Iceland is not part of the European Single Market.
Robert F. Kennedy died.
Test cricket has unlimited overs for handicapped players.
Indian was denied the Best Foreign Language Film for the Academy Awards.
Windsor, Ontario is located in Canada.
Taylor Schilling was in Orange Is the New Black.
Sony Pictures' animation department produced Hotel Transylvania.
Joey Graceffa sings.
This Is Us has gotten nominations for Best Television Series Drama.
Chicago is where Kanye West was raised.
O. J. Simpson was convicted of a crime in 2008.
Until Dawn is a game.
Vladimir Putin lost in March 2012.
Rabat is in Africa.
William Daniels was in Sunburn released in 1979.
Blackhat stars Mark Hamill.
Tony Goldwyn is from the United States and is an actor.
Ben Stiller directed Tropic Thunder in 2008.
Fences stars Viola Davis as a character.
Hubert Humphrey was a Majority Whip for one of the major U.S. parties.
Carrie Fisher died.
Vanilla Sky stars only actors and actresses from Austria.
Julius Caesar was made only by Lionsgate.
One of the best-selling music artists in the United States was R. Kelly.
Imagine Dragons gained exposure.
Mike Tyson was a professional heavyweight boxer.
The action comedy film Baby Driver was written by Edgar Wright and directed by Mike Figgis.
Eddie Redmayne appeared in a movie that Justin Chadwick directed.
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis was listed in an annual poll by Gallup.
Thirteen Reasons Why is a song.
Budapest has a Parliament building.
Bangladesh has been affected by natural disasters.
Cher is not a successful musician and artist.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia premiered on a channel launched on June 1, 1994.
50 Cent's fifth studio album is named Animal Ambition.
Anne Hathaway took a hiatus from her career throughout 2005.
John Williams was the Boston Pops' principal conductor for 13 years.
Plato's teacher was a classical Greek scientist.
La La Anthony worked for a cable and satellite television channel based in the United States.
The World Science Festival is United States headquartered.
The Weeknd has sold at least three studio albums.
Bela Lugosi has only ever portrayed Romeo.
Birds are a dinosaur lineage.
Bob Dylan is an American songwriter.
Subhas Chandra Bose did not die on 18 August 1945.
Code Geass was a television series.
Thor: The Dark World is a song.
Leyton Orient F.C. is in Leyton, London, England.
Jemaine Clement is an actor.
The Dodgers' 1955 World Series championship featured Jackie Robinson.
Victor Hugo was a tea pot.
Jennifer Hudson was a finalist of American Idol.
Long Road Out of Eden had ``How Long'', ``Busy Being Fabulous'', ``No More Cloudy Days'', ``What Do I Do With My Heart'', and ``I Don't Want to Hear Anymore'' on it.
The United Kingdom has an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants.
LGBT is an acronym containing the word bisexual.
Delhi is in debt.
In 1942, Richard Nixon moved to Washington.
Cricket is unknown in the West Indies.
Home Alone features the plot of a boy left behind when his family flies to Paris.
Ranbir Kapoor owns, along with someone else, a football team that's part of the men's professional football league in India.
Hulk grossed over $245 million worldwide, higher than its $137 million budget.
Venus has a similar size to Mars.
John Stewart was the first superhero to appear in DC comics that is African American.
Breaking Bad won eight Satelite Awards.
Leonardo da Vinci conceptualized the parachute, helicopter, and tank.
The Burning Bed cast Farrah Fawcett.
Just the Way You Are is the first single from Doo-Wops and Hooligans.
The Prestige is an autobiography.
Jack Black starred in a movie.
Nick Jonas was released by Island Records.
Katherine Heigl started her career with Maybelline Models.
The 1992 Los Angeles riots is just one name for those events.
King Kong is not a film.
On January 15, 1993 Sammy Cahn died.
Linda McCartney was American.
Labor Day involves honoring the American Friendship movement.
Big Brother 18 (UK) is hosted by a woman.
Jamie Foxx portrayed a character.
Bill Gates is an American businessman.
Audrey Horne was presented in a television series.
Oliver Reed was an actor in a movie in 1986.
Molly Bernard has one middle name.
A Wrinkle in Time has been adapted into a several plays.
Apple was founded by Steve Jobs.
Joseph Stalin died on March 9, 1953.
Matt Kuchar used to play on the Nationwide Tour.
Frank Sinatra won an Academy Award for a film.
Evil Queen (Disney) was created after Walt Disney died.
Anderson Silva was born on the day of the 15th.
Deadpool (film) is a 2016 film.
Maisie Williams was born in 1997.
19 Kids and Counting had only one name.
Davis Entertainment's divisions only produce television projects.
South Africa has legalized same-sex marriage.
Watchmen only exists as a comic series.
Tupac Shakur was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on the 7th.
Doctor Doom is a Romani witch's son.
Vanilla Sky stars an actress.
Here Comes the Sun was recorded in London.
Margaret Brown was born in the 1860s.
Dawn of the Dead (1978 film) has a remake which came out in 2004.
There is a drama film called The Bostonians (film).
There is a writer for Doctor Who.
Aix-Marseille-Provence Metropolis encompasses Martigues.
The West Wing is an American movie series.
American Gods was developed for television.
Colm Feore is a stage actor.
Andy Warhol was the producer of a band.
A mole has uses as a causeway.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a film actor.
The Uruguay national football team played at the Olympics.
Ryan Gosling earned an award nomination.
Stranger Things is about the disappearance of a child.
Jared Leto is an American actor, singer, and director.
Mexico City is located in Mexico.
Marilyn Monroe appeared in a work directed by Joshua Logan.
Martina Hingis is an athlete.
The Emoji Movie's release date is July 28.
Richard Nixon won a landslide victory.
Ink Master is a competition show.
Reds is a film in the epic drama genre.
Azerbaijan is located in the West Caucasus region.
Geoffrey Beevers worked as an actor at the Orange Tree Theatre in Richmond upin Thames.
The Twilight Saga's first installment was released.
Attack on Titan is written and illustrated by Hajime Isayama.
Noam Chomsky is credited in the creation of the Chomsky hierarchy, as well as theories about grammar.
YouTube contains media.
New Horizons is a space ship.
Al Capone attempted an appeal.
Becoming Jane was entirely shot in India.
Louis Tomlinson appeared in an ITV comedy.
One committed royalist was Victor Hugo.
Metallica is an American band.
Margot Kidder won an Emmy Award.
Luke Evans starred in Disney's live-action adaptation of Beauty and the Beast.
Australia did not have a penal colony.
Stanley Kubrick worked.
The score for Lost was composed by Michael Giacchino.
Michael Schumacher was born in August.
The fifth president of Iraq was Saddam Hussein.
Peter Jackson directed The Hobbit.
Sigourney Weaver is in Aliens (film).
Absolute Beginners featured music.
Kingdom Hearts has a main character.
Constantine is a film that has nothing to do with an occult detective.
Pablo Escobar was a large squirrel.
Bruce Lee was in movies.
The Harvard Society of Fellows appointed Noam Chomsky in 1951.
The 79th Academy Awards were presented by Monster Energy only.
Geraldine Chaplin has acted in films made in the English language.
Howard is Tony Goldwyn's middle name.
Line of Duty premiered August 26th, 2012.
In 1995 Marie Curie became entombed in the Pantheon in Paris.
Baloo is a real person.
James Bond is not produced by a British film company.
Chet Atkins produced records.
Cary Grant appeared in a film.
Episodes have been written and produced for South Park.
The Danish Girl is a film.
San Francisco doesn't have a bay that connects to the Pacific Ocean.
The Singing Detective had an episode called Runaway.
Katrina Kaif acts.
The Black Dahlia is a neo-noir crime thriller film.
Coldplay have supported a political campaign.
Good Will Hunting is only a French film.
Louis Tomlinson is a person.
Pranab Mukherjee was born on March 11th, 1935.
Clint Eastwood is a producer.
Avenged Sevenfold didn't release any studio albums.
28 Days (film) was unable to cast Steve Buscemi.
As the Vietnam War raged in 1969, Yoko Ono and her husband John Lennon held two week-long Bed-Ins for Peace in Europe.
Willow Smith is not a singer.
Eagles (band) created an album entitled Hotel California.
Kris Wu starred in a film.
Brooks Wackerman was born in 1989.
The Youth Olympic Games (YOG) is an event.
Tina Fey's role on SNL involved remarking about the news.
A member of Got a Girl is a producer.
Love Aaj Kal is produced by Saif Ali Khan and directed by Imitiaz Ali.
Master of None is an American movie.
Orson Welles was a chef.
The Amanda Show is a live action movie.
Marlon Brando was number six on a list in of Top Ten Money Making Stars in 1955.
Somalia maintains an informal economy mainly based on livestock, telecommunications, and income from Somalis working abroad.
The Republican Party was strongly committed to taxes.
Ellen Burstyn has worked in film.
Michelle Obama is married to Barack Obama.
Michael Winterbottom has worked with Raymond Waring.
Broadchurch has at least two seasons.
Paul Wesley is an actor.
The principal photography of Split (2016 American film) began in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Barbara Bush is the female spouse of George H.W. Bush.
Timothy Olyphant is an actor.
John Denver sang about Colorado numerous times.
Overwatch is a single-player game.
Your Song was performed by Elton John.
Tupac Shakur was inducted into a place that recognizes people that has influence on the development of rock after year 2016.
Emma Stone was born in 1966.
Cher is sometimes referred to as the Goddess of Pop.
Hyderabad is the capital of Telangana.
Emma Roberts refused to ever act.
Serena Williams has only won two Olympic gold medals.
Allen Iverson was really tall.
Jamie Oliver won a prize.
Toy Story was released in 1991.
The Philippines was named by a Chinese explorer.
Following is a neo-noir crime drama novel.
Peggy Sue Got Married is a comedy-drama movie.
Heartbreak Ridge was filmed only in black and white.
Michelle Rodriguez played Letty in The Fast and the Furious.
In 2004, Cowboy was performed.
Death in Paradise has obtained ratings that were high.
Wayne Wang directed Maid in Manhattan.
Ann Romney is the wife of a businessman.
Jeff Bezos is transferring information to space with Blue Origin.
The Conjuring 2 was released in 2016.
Jennifer Aniston is a person.
Rihanna is one of the best-selling musicians of all time.
Chicago White Sox is a former baseball club.
Emma Thompson is an actress.
Lana Del Rey refused to ever sing or write.
Dhool is a book that has yet to be made into a film.
Emmanuel Adebayor plays football at the amateur level.
Karan Johar has existed.
A role in The Entertainer film was played by Laurence Oliver.
Houston is a growing international community.
Buzz Aldrin is not not an engineer.
Bill Black was an American musician.
Ben Kingsley has a career.
Spider-Man has been portrayed exclusively by American actors.
Newspapers discuss weather.
Sam Smith was featured on Naughty Boy's La La La.
Twenty One Pilots's drummer is Italian.
Jack Dorsey is American.
Morgan Freeman is a cat.
Vince Vaughn appeared in at least one movie.
The human condition is subject to analysis in history.
IBM invented a language used in programming.
Denzel Washington has yet to win a Tony Award.
Glee's fifth season aired in 2015.
Jing Tian died in 1988.
Alex Rodriguez has 666 home runs.
BoJack Horseman was shown on Netflix.
Ken Russell was involved with the film Tommy.
Penny Dreadful premiered on Showtime.
David Dhawan was born in India on August 16, 1955.
Judah Friedlander refused to join the cast of 30 Rock during its run.
Apocalypse Now was a car.
One of lung cancer's symptoms is chest pains.
Michael Phelps holds three world records.
Mark Ruffalo has avoided acting entirely.
Buzz Aldrin existed.
Natalie Wood has starred in a film.
Video games can be used on iPhones.
Richard Ramirez terrorized residents.
In 2016, The Weeknd released Starboy.
Bahrain is located between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern shore of Saudi Arabia.
Beyoncé Knowles was incapable of starring in Obsessed.
Jason Sudeikis is an American and was born on September 18, 1975.
Green Arrow is a comic book character who first appeared in the Golden Age of Comics.
The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn was more commonly called The Silver Dawn.
Warren Buffett died on August 29, 1930.
A central venous catheter is also known as a central venous access catheter.
Shia LaBeouf played Henry Jones III in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
Snoop Dogg was never called Snoop Doggy Dogg.
The Wachowskis directed a movie.
There is a writer for Doctor Who.
Jared Leto is an American singer.
Xbox One does not possess support for 4K video playback and upscaling.
Arjun Kapoor hosted a show.
Cher and Kristen Bell appeared in a movie together.
Woody Allen is a person.
Ativan is the brand name for Lorazepam.
Tidewater region is in southeast Virginia and southern North Carolina.
River Pheonix is involved in films.
Red's production involved the work of Jon Hoeber and Erich Hoeber.
Elementary stars the character Detective Marcus Bell.
Wild was released theatrically in 2014.
Treasure was made after the 24K Magic World Tour.
Seiko sells electronic devices.
Kazakhstan's population is 63 percent Kazakhs.
Edgar Award honors the best.
CBS was founded in 1928.
Bentley markets cars.
1635 was when Boston Latin School was established.
Kato Kaelin is also known by Brian Gerard Kaelin.
Ryan O'Neal is an actor.
Hawaii Five-0 is a TV series that premiered in 2010 as a reboot of the original series of the same name.
Peter Capaldi played a role in a British comedy television series.
Billy Clanton's maiden name is William Harrison Clanton.
Mrs Henderson Presents was written by Martin Sherman.
Mark Burg is a person in the film industry.
Hot was exclusively by an Italian.
Plato had a student named Aristotle.
Rainn Wilson is from a city.
Hotel Hell airs at 9 am ET/PT.
Albany, New York, is a city in the United States.
Malala Yousafzai advocates for women's rights.
Paulo Dybala is a dog.
Christina Aguilera was raised in Rochester and Wexford, Pennsylvania.
Indonesia has a capital.
Sachin Tendulkar was included in an all-time Test World XI in 2013.
Aliens (film) is a fantasy adventure film.
Vanilla Sky stars a comedian.
Hubert Humphrey was the Democratic Majority Whip.
Catherine Zeta-Jones is a person who acts.
Trent Reznor started Nine Inch Nails.
George A. Romero was the director of Martin.
Harold was Jack Paar's middle name.
John Cena does performances on SmackDown.
Diane Ruggiero is from New Jersey.
Mexico City is located in a federal republic.
Equidae includes all the extant horses, donkeys, and zebras, and some extinct species.
100 Greatest of All Time was a media series.
Stars Are Blind was co-written by a man.
Clark Gable was in Gone with the wind.
Atomic Blonde is based on a religion.
Led Zeppelin was formed in Alaska.
GoldenEye is in the James Bond series.
Sunflower (1970 film) is a drama directed by Vittorio De Sica.
Susan Sarandon is not an Academy Award winner.
Compton, California is where Kendrick Lamar was born.
Harold Ramis was born in 1950.
Margot Frank's middle name began with a B.
Cry Freedom was set somewhere other than Africa.
Ethiopia has rivers and lakes in its fertile West.
The wendigo is native to the northwestern forests of the Pacific Coast.
Clint Eastwood has appeared in Westerns.
Boston Legal has an all-male cast.
Nick Nolte is a former model.
The Last of Us Part II is an upcoming feature film.
Sociology is used to learn about society's origins.
Rhode Island was the first to renounce allegiance to the British Crown.
Audrey Hepburn was brought into the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame.
Iraq is a flamingo.
Roman Atwood is a spray can.
G.I. Jane has yet to be distributed.
Clint Eastwood was born in May 1930.
The Silence of the Lambs was a film starring Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins.
Ballet Shoes was released on December 26, 2007.
Nicole Kidman was born in the United States.
There are no attorneys in The Bachelorette (season 13).
Ayutthaya was friendly towards English people.
Cate Blanchett played Elizabeth I in 1998.
The protagonist of the original Star Wars trilogy is Luke Skywalker.
Law of value is a peripheral concept in Karl Marx's critique of political economy.
Superman lives in a boat.
The students of the University of Oxford disputed with Oxford townsfolk.
A Song of Ice and Fire is by someone.
Katy Perry is the name Katy Hudson uses on stage.
Page Hamilton is only German.
Attack the Block was only written by Stephen King.
The Rev played the song A Little Piece of Heaven.
28 Days (film) extras include Dominic West.
The album Anywhere I Lay My Head was released by Scarlett Johansson.
Shailene Woodley was born.
Dwight D. Eisenhower has only daughters.
Judith Quiney had her baptism on February 2, 1585.
Tobey Maguire was born on June 28.
Wilt Chamberlain was a player for the Philadelphia Warriors.
Prison Break was nominated for the 2005 Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series Drama.
The Hobbit was published September 21, 1937.
Ronda Rousey was the first woman from the United States to earn an Olympic medal in judo.
Suleiman the Magnificent was an Ottoman Empire patron of culture.
The Evil Queen was unable to appear in Descendants.
Neil Young has no middle name.
Bane has only ever been a superhero.
Sterling Archer is incapable of being the main character of an American series.
Anthony Meindl has coached and worked with at least one actress.
Hotel Transylvania is a movie animated by computer imaging.
OK Computer is an example of alternative rock.
The Breakfast Club was directed by John Hughes.
Kanye West was raised in Boston.
Planet of the Apes' score was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
Chicago has one of the world's largest economies.
Donald Glover did not create the song 3005.
Hayden Panettiere acts.
My Everything debuted at number one only in China.
Leroy Jethro Gibbs is a character in a series.
A phylogenetic tree is a branching schematic.
Overwatch's playable characters are divided into five categories.
John Williams composes music.
Hamlet (1990 film) is based on a Shakespearean tragedy.
Reese Witherspoon's breakthrough role was in a film.
A Fine Romance was produced by a company other than London Weekend Television.
Hilda Ellis Davidson was an English academic.
Sterling Archer is the main character of an American series.
Keeping the Faith is a film.
Overwatch is multiplayer.
Kris Kristofferson was an actor.
Jousting remained popular with nobility of England.
New England is in the United States.
Paulo Dybala was only born on November 5, 1993.
The spouse of Michelle Obama is the 44th President of America.
A series of wars for control of the throne of England was called The Wars of the Roses.
The Dodecanese are landlocked.
Winona Ryder has been in a movie with Johnny Depp.
The Juice is a nickname of O. J. Simpson.
Eurojust deals with matters concerning crime.
The Jim Henson Company produced The Muppet Movie, The Dark Crystal, and Labyrinth.
John Lennon was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Kong: Skull Island was not made by Legendary Entertainment.
CeeLo Green has a song called Fuck You! which charted.
Among the co-stars of 30 Rock was Judah Friedlander.
The Smurfs was unable to begin filming at all.
Roger Federer plays a racket sport.
Amitabh Bachchan has won awards in an international setting.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a film based on Marvel Comics about the X-Men.
International Space Station is suited for the testing of spacecraft systems.
Alice is a reworking of a James Cameron film.
Denpasar is the capital city of Bali.
Mike Judge produces.
Keith Urban is married to Jennifer Aniston.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice portrays Wonder Woman.
David Mazouz was born in 2001.
Lucy Liu stars in The Man with the Iron Fists.
Chris Weitz is a person.
George A. Romero directed Martin.
The Muppet Christmas Carol was directed by American director Brian Henson.
Gary Ridgway killed people during the 1980's and 1990's.
Robert Redford directed A River Runs Through It in 1984.
Heartbreak Ridge was produced only by John Wayne.
Star Wars sequel trilogy has Harrison Ford in it.
Emma Stone refused to ever act in any production of The Wind in the Willows.
Laurie Hernandez competes.
WALL-E had a budget of $180 million.
Dhoom 3 was directed by Vladimir Nabokov.
Home Alone is a Christmas comedy film.
Richard Gere has no experience acting.
Mirka Federer was a player of a racket sport.
Margot Frank had a deportation order from the Gestapo.
Diego Costa won a cup.
Burundi is in South America.
Resident Evil 7: Biohazard had the fifth-worst sales debut in the series.
Avril Lavigne sang the song Complicated.
Good Will Hunting was directed by American director Gus Van Sant.
The Catalyst is by a rock band.
Christina Aguilera was in the show The Mickey Mouse Club.
